- [Instructor] In the final behavior pattern
that we're going to talk about,
is one that has a very specific use case in Spring,
but it's not one that I've even ever implemented myself.
It's very, very seldom that you would use this.
So the interpreter pattern's primary use case
in the Spring framework, is through the
Spring Expression Language, and this might allude
to what this pattern is used for.
This pattern's use cases are as I mentioned, limited,
but most often if not always are used with user input.
The input is parsed and converted into specific commands,
or functions, and that parsing behavior is
what the interpreter is providing.
Expressions are deemed terminal or non-terminal
to determine if you need to do future parsing.
So it gives you this sort of tree structure where you're
parsing commands until you get to the end.
And if you've ever looked at how program languages
are parsed, this is sort of the same pattern,
only applied to a system instead of a programming language.
So why would we want to go about doing this?
You provide a way to interpret user input, having a variety
of formats, because you can't always control the user input
as it comes in.
This prevents the ultimate commands from becoming littered
with expression determining logic.
Think about just a simple use case of an expression coming
in all caps versus all lower case versus mixed case.
If each command had to make that same determination of,
is it all upper, is it all lower, is it mixed, what is it?
That code becomes littered throughout your entire code base,
when executing these commands.
By using the interpreter, you can interpret that once
and convert it into a common command structure.
Also, an interpreter provides a way
to make context aware decisions and you can mix
and match these as long as the end result is the same.
And that's the purpose of the interpreter.
I want to mix and match all of these conditions that the user
can send me data in, so that I can get to the ultimate
end result of what they wanted it to be.
Again, back to that use case of upper and lower,
or what if it's in Unicode versus ASCII.
Again, these things can add changes to your application,
if you don't control it through an interpreter pattern.
So, how would you go about creating one of these,
if you wanted to?
First and foremost, you need to start with your expression,
and it's going to be an interface.
So you're going to have a concrete implementation
that matches your evaluation.
You'll have terminal and non-terminal implementations,
that way you know whether you need to keep going through
the parsing, or whether you need to stop,
and all of these are going to implement the
expression interface itself.
And finally, you're going to want to create a parser
that follows the expression logic and call the end result.
This is what's going to call through into terminal
and non-terminal calls, until everything is terminal
and then it can execute the final operation based
on the interpretation of the command that was passed in.
Then again, this is another one of these obscure patterns
that we see used in the framework, but not too often
do we implement them ourselves.
But if you ever have a use case where you have
to interpret user input, use this pattern.